codepen link: https://codepen.io/JasmineLaneGarcia/pen/KKNrNYj?editors=1100 

1. What is Semantic HTML? 

        Semantic HTML clearly defines the elements content for both the browser and developer. footer = footer, nav = navigation bar

    2. What is HTML used for? 

        To create webpages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

        In the beginning tag of an element, attributes specify additional information that we don't want rendered on the page

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

        h1 tag is the most important heading tag and should only be used once per page

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

        anchor (a) & image (img)

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

        Information pertaining to the document. titles, links, styles

    7. What is an id? 

        An id is an attribute used to specify a unique id for an element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

        div & Sections

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

        Only once.

    10. What is a class? 

        An attribute used to specify an id for multiple elements

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

        Div & section

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

        Several times.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

        Add the target=_"blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

        provides alternative information for an image if the user cannot view it

    15. How do I reference an id?

        Use '#' before the id name. #Links{}

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?

        Div's can live inside of sections. Sections defines sections in a document, Div is used to group block elements for styling in CSS

    17. What is CSS used for? 

        CSS is a styling language compatible with HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

        h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

        id is used for a unique item, class is used for several elements. I could use an id for #Links to change all their hover colors to red. I could use a class for .topsection to change the color of all the different text elements in that section to grey.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

        Use '.' before the class name. .topsection{}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

        .human p{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

        It selects all elements that are a child of one element. This may be useful when applying a style to all the child elements of a parent element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

        .sidebar a{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

        A selector that changes the state of a selected element

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

        line-height: normal;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

        letter-spacing: 1px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

        text-transform: uppercase/lowercase/capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

        div{
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

        *{

        }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

        /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

        after '~' it specifies the directory you are working in or use command 'pwd' print-working-directory

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

        'ls' list

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

        'rm' remove. Some terminals won't prompt you before deleting the files

    34. Why should I use version control? 

        It helps keep track of all the edits of a code efficiently.

    35. How often should I commit to github? 
    
        After you feel you've made a significant amount of changes to the code.
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    
        'git push -u origin branch-name' OR just 'git push' if it has been previously pushed

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork the repo. Copy the link and clone it into your terminal. Create a new branch, firstname-lastname. Add changes & commit messages. Push your branch to Github. Create a pull request. Give access to PM.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?